Add in-body blog CTA cards (#20147) (#20224)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/aws-cdk-on-pulumi/index.md

In many cases, this is not needed, as AWS CDK on Pulumi offers builtin support for remapping many common resources. Over the coming months, as AWS Cloud Control API support expands to cover more of the CloudFormation resource model, these remappings will become less necessary in practice, with almost all resources being supported directly via Pulumi AWS Native.

> {{< blog/cta-card title="Use AWS CDK constructs with Pulumi" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< blog/cta-card title="Use AWS CDK constructs with Pulumi" label="Learn more" href="/docs/iac/guides/clouds/aws/cdk/" >}}
```

> Deploy your existing AWS CDK constructs through Pulumi, and combine them with resources from 170+ cloud and SaaS providers in a single program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy your existing AWS CDK constructs through Pulumi, and combine them with resources from hundreds of cloud and SaaS providers in a single program.
```
